reformulate how to counter a large cache (#7049)
borgbackup/borg: docs/faq.rst

from the repository). While being faster, the cache needs quite some disk space,
which might be unwanted.

> A temporary (but maybe long lived) hack to avoid using lots of disk memory

Reviewer: AFAIK, the usual term is **disk space**, not **disk memory**.

Author: I agree on using "disk space" instead of "disk memory".

for ``chunks.archive.d`` (see :issue:`235` for details) is to replace this
directory with an empty dummy file of this name.  Note, below,
``$(borg config id)`` is used as place holder for the alphanumeric string

> specific to your backup repository (REPO_ID) you have to enter instead.

Reviewer: This is not a placeholder that has to get manually replaced.

The shell will call the command `borg config id` and replace that term by the output of that command.

The command in this short form will only work if `BORG_REPO` env var is set, otherwise one would have to add the repo location to the command.

Reviewer: Also, because `borg config` only works for local repos, this does not work for remote repos.

Author: So far, I used borg only indirectly with vorta as a GUI.  Based on your explanation I recognize I did not comprehend the intent of ``$(borg config id)``, and retract the suggestion.

> You identify this string of 64 characters either in your file browsers, or

Reviewer: The usual term is **file manager**.

Author: So this was influenced by [Apple advertisement](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/filebrowser-document-manager/id364738545) [English Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File_manager) noting both forms; then sticking to the proper purpose.  Your point is convincing, file manager.

by

::

  borg config id

> With this information, and assuming you work with the same user as in the

Reviewer: "as **for** the backup"?

Author: ``with the same user as the backup`` was reused as found in the same section for commit 60060689 by September 21 (though your commit addressed a different topic).

backup, adjust your setup

::

  cd ~/.cache/borg/$(borg config id)
  rm -rf chunks.archive.d ; touch chunks.archive.d

The deletion of the cached archive chunk and presence of the dummy file

> prevents borg to store anything "in" there in future.

Reviewer: The presence of the dummy file prevents borg from storing anything "in" there in future.

Author: It is more succinct.

A temporary (but maybe long lived) hack to avoid using lots of disk memory
for ``chunks.archive.d`` (see :issue:`235` for details) is to replace this
directory with an empty dummy file of this name.  Note, below,
``$(borg config id)`` resolves into alphanumeric string specific to your
backup repository (REPO_ID) you may identify in your file manager, or by

::

  borg config id

With this information, and assuming you work with the same user as for
the backup, adjust your setup

::

  cd ~/.cache/borg/$(borg config id)
  rm -rf chunks.archive.d ; touch chunks.archive.d

> The presence of the dummy file prevents borg to store anything "in" there

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The presence of the dummy file prevents borg from storing anything "in" there
```
